So again, the project we were
working on was this, Coffee Masters.
Let's just break it down
piece by piece how I did it.
And again, this is just one approach
to it, you don't have to do it my way.
You could have done it
any way you wanted to.
So let's take maybe a look first at
my HTML here and how I modeled it.
So I had my style sheets here that I
declared, I got my Google fonts here.
Okay?
And we have a nav,
let's make this a lot bigger.
Have a nav, and that's gonna contain
this Coffee Masters top part, right?
So has a nav, has a brand and
has an image in there and Coffee Masters.
And then I have a page here,
two pages like basically
everything underneath the nav.
You might ask why I didn't put
the nav inside of the page,
cuz I want the nav to go all
the way to the sides, right?
So there's no padding here kind of on the
sides, whereas I wanted this to be kind of
indented a little bit on all the sides
that's why I kept them separate.
Okay, I have this box class that
I did which is, this is a box,
the items, the name, and
the payment cuz they all have the same
kind of general style, right?
So same background colors,
same rounded corners,
margins between them, drop shadow.
So I kind of did this one a box class and
you can see that is
shared across the name box and
this credit card box.
So from there I have the items,
that's an h2 and
then an unordered a list of the items.
And notice I have a nested unordered list,
right?
So I have the items but
in addition all of these options as
well I chose to make it unordered list.
So you can nest those lists as well,
that's totally possible.
Okay, and then here I just kinda gave
them the name of items, item quantity,
item title.
So this convention that I have here of
item, item dash quality or quantity,
item dash title, it's not necessarily
any sort of thing that you have to do.
I just find it easier for
me to read at a glance that like,
all right, this belongs to item,
can give it some sort of hierarchy there.
But again totally up to you.
So that's all of this part
here on the left, the items.
Then here in the payment box, which would
be or a sales to the name box first.
Yeah, have the name box, that's inside
of this sort of payment section.
So I made this entire,
inspect here to show you this,
might even be easier
to visualize this way.
So order boxes over their,
payment boxes over here.
I chose to make this payment section
include both of the name box and
the credit card boss cuz they're
kind of in the same column, right?
If you look at the original design,
you can see these actually aren't
even the same height here, right?
Might end up being really similar in
height, that was purely kinda by accident.
I didn't actually intend for
that to happen, but it did.
Certain looks kind of
nice that way anyway.
But I put them in the same section because
they end up being in the same column and
that made it really easy to lay out.
You don't have to do it that way.
You could totally make a grid where
those end up being separate things and
that would have been a totally
acceptable way of doing that as well.
Okay, there's a title in there.
And then there's an input group here,
where I made the input and
the label together inside of this
one div that made it really easy for
everything to be overlaid correctly.
Okay, and
then same here with this credit card box.
I have two input groups.
Which include the labels and
the inputs as well as the title.
So this name boxes and credit card box
end up being really, really similar.
Okay, and then down here for the totals,
just put that all in one
little section here.
It's got a table,
you don't have to do this with tables but
it's kind of tabular data, so it made
sense for me to do it with the table but
you could have just as easily
done this with an unordered list,
all sorts of things like that.
So yeah, T body, table row and
then table definition.
And then it just gave this final
total rolls an extra class of final
totals cuz that way it was made it
really easy to make that bolden.
And then a button.
That's it.
So that's the HTML.